HostAI - case study (#8440)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/customers/hostai.md

---

> title: How HostAI prevents churn with PostHog and LangFuse

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: How HostAI uses PostHog and LangFuse to prevent churn
```

Not a strong feeling, just think it flows a bit better with us in an active role

> title: How HostAI uses PostHog and LangFuse to prevent churn

Author: ```suggestion
title: How HostAI increased evaluation score by 50% with PostHog and LangFuse
```

customer: HostAI
logo: >-
  https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/v1715246033/posthog.com/contents/host-ai-logo.jpg
logoDark: >-
  https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/v1715246033/posthog.com/contents/host-ai-logo.jpg
featuredImage: >-
  https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/v1715246033/posthog.com/contents/hostai-screenshot.png
industries:
  - AI
users:
  - Engineering
  - Leadership
  - Founder
toolsUsed:
  - Feature flags

>   - Product analytics

Author: ```suggestion
  - Product analytics
  - AI engineering
```

date: 2024-05-09
---

> [HostAI](https://hostai.app/) is an AI platform that handles repetitive tasks for vacation home managers. Leveraging LLMs, a core feature is automating responses to guest inquiries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[HostAI](https://hostai.app/) is an AI platform that handles repetitive tasks for vacation home managers, such as service calls and maintenance tasks. One of it's most popular features is using LLM models to automate responses to guest inquiries.
```

> "The effectiveness of our platform hinges on the precision of our LLM responses. It’s not just about automating replies; it’s about ensuring each response is contextually relevant and exceptionally accurate." explains Punn Kam, co-founder of HostAI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"The effectiveness of our platform hinges on the precision of our LLM responses," explains Punn Kam, co-founder of HostAI. "It’s not just about automating replies; it’s about ensuring each response is contextually relevant and exceptionally accurate."
```

## Identifying bad responses with PostHog and LangFuse

> HostAI tracks the quality of their LLM responses with [Langfuse](https://langfuse.com/). Then, using [PostHog's Langfuse integration](/docs/product-analytics/llms#langfuse), they combine this data with their [product analytics](/product-analytics). This enables them to pinpoint poor LLM responses and debug the root cause of them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HostAI tracks the quality of their LLM responses with [Langfuse](https://langfuse.com/). Then, using [PostHog's Langfuse integration](/docs/product-analytics/llms#langfuse), they combine this data with their [product analytics](/product-analytics). This enables them to pinpoint poor LLM responses and debug their root cause.
```

> "We immediately investigate if a customer's evaluation score begins to decrease and search their PostHog events for frequent message edits and rejections. Once we've found the problematic experience, we dig into their Langfuse traces to understand what went wrong. This approach has enabled us to increase our average evaluation score by 50%."

Reviewer: Great story here, may be worth moving the 50% figure to the headline of the article -- always good to foreground a tangible result!

<BorderWrapper>
<Quote
    imageSource="/images/customers/punn-kam.jpeg"
    size="md"
    name="Punn Kam"
    title="Co-founder, HostAI"

>     quote={`PostHog and Langfuse enable us to spot early signs of dissatifaction with our app. So far, we've been able to reach out to 10 customers and prevent them from churning because of this.”`}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    quote={`"PostHog and LangFuse enable us to spot early signs of dissatifaction with our app. So far, we've been able to reach out to 10 customers and prevent them from churning because of this.”`}
```

Again, great story here!

/>
</BorderWrapper>

> PostHog and Langfuse also enable HostAI to reduce their LLM hallucination rate. Punn shares a story when they noticed a user's total number of message sends decreased:

Reviewer: It's a persona style quibble, but I'm not a fan of this construction - works better if the stories flow together naturally. 

```suggestion
PostHog and LangFuse also enables HostAI to reduce their LLM hallucination rate by monitoring how many messages each user sends.
```

> "When we noticed the metric decrease in PostHog, we dug into their Langfuse trace and saw that the LLM was hallucinating because of gaps in the customer's knowledge base. We reached out to the customer and worked with them to fill in the gaps, significantly decreasing hallucinations."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"There was one customer who we saw was starting to send fewer messages," explains Punn. "When we noticed the metric decrease in PostHog, we dug into their Langfuse trace and saw that the LLM was hallucinating because of gaps in the customer's knowledge base. We reached out to the customer and worked with them to fill in the gaps, significantly decreasing hallucinations."
```

Hallucination reduction could be a great alternative title too!

## Leveraging session replays to save their biggest customer

> In one instance, their largest client was on the brink of leaving due to a bug that was extremely hard to reproduce. By viewing [session replays](/session-replay), HostAI were able to identify and solve the problem:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In one instance, HostAI's largest client was on the brink of leaving due to a bug that was extremely hard to reproduce. By viewing [session replays](/session-replay), HostAI were able to identify and solve the problem:
```

Just need to clarify who 'their' is, given the previous sentence.

---
title: How HostAI increased evaluation score by 50% with PostHog and LangFuse
customer: HostAI
logo: >-
  https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/v1715246033/posthog.com/contents/host-ai-logo.jpg
logoDark: >-
  https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/v1715246033/posthog.com/contents/host-ai-logo.jpg
featuredImage: >-
  https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/v1715246033/posthog.com/contents/hostai-screenshot.png
industries:
  - AI
users:
  - Engineering
  - Leadership
  - Founder
toolsUsed:
  - Feature flags
  - Product analytics
  - AI engineering

> date: 2024-05-09

Author: ```suggestion
date: 2024-05-24
```
